# Agent Build System
- Causation Extractor
    - Runs at the creation of a new project
    - The causation extractor groups together events from an ECELd project based on timing and salient artifacts
- Builder
    - The builder displays the relationships created by the causation extractor
    - Relationships can be selected and moved over to the dependencies table
    - The salient artifacts window allows users to add or remove salient artifacts, or change the color of salient artifacts
    - By default, salient artifacts are highlighted in red color
    - From the events in the dependencies table, the user can generate a script to be run by the runner
- Runner
    - Execute scripts generated by the user in the Builder and works in conjuction with ECELd to validate observation dependencies.
    - Runner tab can be selected from the main window.
    - Only python files generated by the Builder will be loaded onto the Runner when clicking "Load Script" button.
    - Loaded Scri[t will be display on the left side of the Runner GUI.
    - User can set the time out feature by typing it or clicking increasing/decreasing arrows in the box in the right
      corner. (Value is in seconds)
    - Right window in the Runner GUI will display actions executed by the script; the observations it checked for,
      the matches that the validator was able to validate, the stopping of a script, and any time outs that ocurred.
    - The "Stop" button on the lower right corner will interrupt the sript, and kill the process.
    - A new instance of a script after the user stops the current execution.

- Packager
    - Allows user to import/export all the elements of ABS including VM's.
    - User can decide to include or exclude items from the packaged project by checking or unchecking the checking box.
    - User can decide to exlude or include VM's by checking or unchecking the checking box.
    - The packager retrieves the virtual machines recognized by VirtualBox
    - The packager will create a zip file with all included files at the specified directory

# Installation and Setup
- ABS can be installed in Kali Linux using the script install.sh
    - Running install.sh installs ABS in the user's home directory
    - The script creates a desktop shortcut for the user
    - The script creates a new script: abs-gui, that the user can run manually if they wish
- The Packager can be ran on Windows as a standalone exe file
    - Located under Packager/dist

# For more information about ABS refer to the Help menu in the Main Window GUI.
